Add page for enabling kdump through ignition (#388)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/sysconfig-configure-kdump.adoc

> :experimental:

Reviewer: Not needed anymore

kdump dump requires two things to be configured--a kernel argument to reserve memory for the crash kernel and enabling of the kdump systemd service.

== Configure kdump on FCOS through Ignition

.Example kdump configuration
[source,yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.4.0
kernel_arguments:
  should_exist:
  - 'crashkernel=300M'
systemd:
  units:
    - name: enable-kdump.service
      enabled: true
      contents: |
        [Unit]
        Description=Enable kdump
        # Run before Zincati as we will reboot
        Before=zincati.service
        # We run after `systemd-machine-id-commit.service` to ensure that
        # `ConditionFirstBoot=true` services won't rerun on the next boot.
        After=systemd-machine-id-commit.service
        ConditionPathExists=!/var/lib/%N.stamp

        [Service]
        Type=oneshot
        RemainAfterExit=yes
        ExecStart=/bin/systemctl enable kdump.service
        ExecStart=/bin/touch /var/lib/%N.stamp
        ExecStart=/bin/systemctl reboot

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: might be nice to mention somewhere in here the info from the other page about `/etc/kdump.conf`

====

> The reboot in the systemd unit is required for kdump to use the correct kernel arguments when it kexecs into the crash kernel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reboot in the systemd unit is required for kdump to use the correct kernel arguments. When kexec runs it re-uses the kernel arguments from the current boot and this has the undesired side effect of re-running Ignition if the machine had never rebooted.
```

I'm thinking we either give a little more context here, or we link to an issue where this is explained a little further.

Reviewer: I think this note should be at the top before the Ignition config.
